OSDOCS#11757: Adding nodes release note (#82306)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

Reviewer: Is it possible to use "compute" (preferred term) rather than "worker" in this context?

Author: Yes, I'll use the term here. That said, I'll do a post-GA sweep of the actual assembly for this feature to switch the terminology there

The Cluster Resource Override Operator pod is now owned by a deployment object. Previously, the Operator was owned by a daemon set object. Using a deployment for the Operator addresses a number of issues, including additional security and add the ability to run the pods on worker nodes.

[id="ocp-4-17-adding-nodes-to-on-prem_{context}"]
==== Adding worker nodes to on-premise clusters

> With this release, you can add worker nodes by using the OpenShift CLI (oc) to generate an ISO image, which can then be used to boot one or more nodes in your target cluster.

Reviewer: attribute if you want it :)
```suggestion
With this release, you can add worker nodes by using the {oc-first} to generate an ISO image, which can then be used to boot one or more nodes in your target cluster.
```
